All industries consist of systems as inputs, processes, outputs and feedback.
The supposed scientific benefit of space exploration is frequently questioned.  
Human beings compete with other species/living things for space and resources.
Parent talk to children tends to be simplified.
While reconciliation is desirable, (the) basic underlying issues must first be addressed.
While conceiving ideas are desirable, basic underlying issues must first be addressed.   
Early stream of the economy in the Roman Republic will be examined.
The economy stream of early Roman Republic will be examined.  
Efforts are being made to reduce harmful emissions  
Textile manufacturing plays a large role in improving/some economies
The earth's atmosphere is mostly composed of oxygen and nitrogen (and gases).
It is really a comprehensive program that covers both theory and practice.
Many birds migrated to the warmer areas for the winter.
That brief outline takes us to the beginning of the 20th century.
The campus tour will help you get familiar with teaching facilities.
The key difference between courses is the kind of assessment
When bad drove out good, the local workers were more difficult than their competitors.
Statistic/statistical results should be expressed in different ways depending on circumstances.  
The qualification will be assessed by using a conference/reference criterion (referenced) approach.   
These have also been found to contribute to the death of many marine animals.
The excursion for children is very much open to debate.
Doctoral writings have the structure in place as well as scientific papers.   
The meeting has so many struggles overlapped.  
Many toxins originate from plants and animals.
Government reforms have been proposed at all levels.
All answers must be examined and supported by relevant theory.  
Please note that the college laboratory will be closed for cleaning next week.
Freshwater creatures didn't appear in the painting until modern period.   
They have both grown up in the rural area and dislike the urban life.   
The whole point of the project was to look at the norms, not the exception.   
Below the heating controls in the middle is a small round plastic button.   
The garden behind the university will be open to public in summer.
Submitting your group assignment must be issued punctually by one of your group members.   
Your group assignment must be submitted punctually by one of your group members.   